---
title: "Codebook for Course Project 2"
output: html_document
---

This document describes the data contained inside
TidyDataSet.txt .

##General information

* TodyDataSet.txt was generated by script `run_analysis.R`
* For information on how the data is generated please refer to the README.md that locaited in
this repo.
* This is independent tidy data set created with the average of each variable for each activity and each subject.

##Keys

* `subject` -  Each row identifies the subject who performed the activity for each window sample. Its range is from 1 to 30. 
* `action` - Factor w/ 6 levels. Contain activity labels:
  
####Activity labels for key "action"
  
  * 1 WALKING
  * 2 WALKING_UPSTAIRS
  * 3 WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS
  * 4 SITTING
  * 5 STANDING
  * 6 LAYING

## Variables

* `mean(tBodyAcc_mean_X)` -  numerical, mean of tBodyAcc-X for each activity and each subject.
* `mean(tBodyAcc_mean_Y)` -  numerical, mean of tBodyAcc-Y for each activity and each subject.
* `mean(tBodyAcc_mean_Z)`-  numerical, mean of tBodyAcc-Z for each activity and each subject.
* `mean(tBodyAcc_std_X)` - numerical, standart deviation of tBodyAcc-X for each activity and each subject.
* `mean(tBodyAcc_std_Y)` -  numerical, standart deviation of tBodyAcc-Y for each activity and each subject.
* `mean(tBodyAcc_std_Z)` -numerical, standart deviation of tBodyAcc-Z for each activity and each subject.
* `mean(tBodyGyro_mean_X)` -numerical, standart deviation of tBodyGyro-X for each activity and each subject.
* `mean(tBodyGyro_mean_Y)` -numerical, standart deviation of tBodyGyro-Y for each activity and each subject.
* `mean(tBodyGyro_mean_Z)` -numerical, standart deviation of tBodyGyro-Z for each activity and each subject.
* `mean(tBodyGyro_std_X)` -numerical, standart deviation of tBodyGyro-X for each activity and each subject.
* `mean(tBodyGyro_std_Y)` -numerical, standart deviation of tBodyGyro-Y for each activity and each subject.
* `mean(tBodyGyro_std_Z)` -numerical, standart deviation of tBodyGyro-Z for each activity and each subject.
